Experience with Git
Ansible (basic)
Jenkins shared library structure
scripted and descriptive pipeline
Jenkins knowledge
Terraform (basic)
Google cloud

Jenkins Shared Library:
what is scripted pipeline - Begins with command NODE, uses GROOVY code without need for additional steps
what is declarative pipeline - Begins with command PIPELINE, Break down stages into multi-step
jenkins pipeline as a code - 
what is difference between declarive and scripted?
how to upgrade terraform version, what command use to upgrade terraform version?
what is terraform module?
what kind of pipeline handled
how to differentiate between scripted and declarative pipeline
the directory where will you store your library?
what is directory structure for shared library
how to call variable in jenkins file/pipeline from shared library
how to push configuration changes to your pod?

Ansible:
how did you manage to create playbook? - ANSWER: vi <file name>.yml
what is purpose of handler?---restart server etc - ANSWER: To restart after a change has been done only if a notify command is mentioned
inventory used to manage host etc. 
how do you manage variables and precedence? VARS 
iterpolation and idempotant in Ansible? ANSWER: Idempontency is present in Ad hoc commands, it will keep executing the repeated commands if executed already. 
how jenkins job trigger automatically
1)polling method 2)commit/push based - Answer: (SCM Source code management) polling interval to build periodically ***** (mins/hours/days/month/week)
based on webhook the automatic trigger happened


AWS:
what is autoscaling?
Answer: AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost.

what is purpose of S3 bucket?
Answer: Simple Storage Service (S3)

how you manage your secerets in jenkins?
Jenkins allow to save secret, using vault - ansible-vault create<file name>.yml

1)Compute Engine - ANSWER: Compute Engine is a computing and hosting service that lets you create and run virtual machines on Google infrastructure.
2)What type of storage in GCP
GCP:3 types of storage ( N/W file storage, Block  storage, Cloud storage)
what is difference b/w regional and multiregional - Regional defines to a particular geographical region/ Multi-regional is across many regions.
what is CDN - ANSWER: Content delivery network, provides faster delivery of content to front end customers
what is diff b/w static and block storage
can we use storage(like S3) as hard drive for VM?

Load balancer:external(https) and internal(http,tcp)
what is difference b/w frontend and backend load balancing?
what are the health check

Terraform:
terraform init--dowload and install all dependency required for GCP to execute, 
what is modules in terraform?
what is terraform variable?--variable.tf
used backend in terraform
what is stat file in terraform
where do you save the state file---save in same terraform dir---but better to save in different dir---but
if infrastructure created, can we change infrastructure using Terraform--yes
call the same state file and using terraform plan we can
tfvar is used for taking input from user
main.tf used for main code and tfvar define variable
var.tf is used for declare variable
what is workspace in terraform?

GCP:
1)What is managed Instance Group? - 

Answer: Managed instance group (MIG) is a group of virtual machine (VM) instances that you treat as a single entity
how to set parameter in MIG?
ANSWER: MIG services, including: autoscaling, autohealing, regional (multiple zone) deployment, and automatic updating.

2)what is microservices?
what is benefit of microservices on top of monolithik?

3)what type of LB in GCP? - 
Load balancers are managed services on GCP that distribute traffic across multiple instances of your application. (3 types HTTP Load Balancer, the SSL Proxy & TCP Proxy)
a)Internal LB
b)External LB

4)if one of node went down what will happen?
LB will direct the traffic to another instance
is down Instance  came up  ?

5)what is diff b/w internal and external LB in respect to GCP

internal LB will be distributed under the same VPC network, it is regional
external LB ssl proxy, http


Internal Load balancer is used for services which are for internal consumption only and hence doesn't need to direct Web traffic. 
External Load balancers are for regulating web traffic.

6)how to create instance in compute engine
a)using terraform
b)using console
7)what kind of information/requirement needed for build infrastructure
a)which region need to deploy
b)high/low memory, and high/low CPU
c)in case of migrating from on premise to Cloud 
8)which kind of linux platform used/experience
Jenkins Shared Library, Ansible, Terraform, Git and GCP